Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the
12th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. My name is Amarie Band and we
are looking at charts by Trendpider and
Gamma Flows by MenthQ. So what are we
staring down today as we as we look at
the futures? We begin with the Ein S&P.
We can see that we're caught in this
fairly big pocket of noise. Notice that
the steep dip yesterday came into the
demand zone that the chart has scheduled
here. If you're looking at this um
formation, you can look for supply
demand in trendpider and they will give
you these very useful levels to watch
intraday. Incredibly important. What's
important to view is that we are
definitely building demand pressure
underneath here. Higher lows, not
breaking out above the highs. If and
when we do, we're going to have fairly
solid motion to the upside. So what's
the story board? Where's our above below
as it were? Today
we have inventory that is very long in
the overnight.
Very long. So let's take a look at the
first 30 minutes of the trading day. It
could be that we might need to look at
the first hour based on the reflexivity
here. Uh let's let's adapt and use the
first hour today. Why the savage buying
under the demand zone makes me think
it's an important level. We can also go
back in time and see a very clean line
in the sand
round at about 6950. It's a very good
line. a lot of uh inventory built there
during the day and we held really well.
So that's going to be the floor that the
buyers are going to be willing to still
move through if we happen to collapse
lower. All right. So where should we
stare down today? My suspicion is that
the region right around the VWAP
and where the
standard VWAP on the day is sitting and
that number is
6974.
That is our above below in my mind.
That's our above below. we get below
that, sellers are going to become much
more inclined to move out of the way and
let it drift into our other area, which
is 6951.
That gives us about 25 points or so, 20
points or so to trade. Now, value area
high 69.96.
I have a sneaky feeling that
this is going to move higher.
So, where should we look at the upper
edges? 76
all the way to 7,022. I had that measure
yesterday. But if we use the 1 hour
event and to save time, I use Fibonacci
instead of duplicating.
We're going to see that doesn't do it
very easily, does it? It makes it all
kinds of ugly. No, I mean, it it works.
It's fine.
Let's clone the rectangle up. Oh, for
Pete's sake.
All right, let's uh roll that up. We can
see we're right on the edge of that
space and now finally breaking out. If
we close a candlestick above here, lot
of sellers have been coming in wicking
the top of this area at 69.87.
Looks like the break of the point of
control
at 69.89
is going to give us a push to the upside
and I suspect it's going to be caused by
shorts having to cover. So we need to
watch that for sure. upward edges
uh again 76 722
lower edges floor of support 6974 it
could get very squishy and noisy until
something like that
and then finally 6951
if
perhaps
we're looking at downward flow
Let's
reverse this. Let's remove it. And then
let's reverse it.
Use the hour.
It'll give us what a knucklehead
hour. Let me move this.
Yeah, look at that
measured move, friends.
right there at the top. Cali, I
absolutely love measured moves. Now, you
might go, Emry, how did you know instead
of making it 30 minutes, how'd you know
to make it an hour? Well, that's the
squishy part of being in in the
business, right? You see all the supply,
excuse me, you see all the demand here.
You see the wick buying and you see all
the wicks to the left.
It just seems relevant. And so the best
thing to do is
take a look at the entire area, assume
it's inventory accumulation and then you
know run for the fences. But that is
definitely what we are staring down.
That is just fantastic. Man, do I love
trading.
It's so fabulous. Okay, let's go to the
NQ.
I took a long time doing that. Good
grief.
Let's go a little faster here. The above
below for the NQ yesterday
worked in both directions.
Above it ran for the hills right into
supply. Below it ran for the
floorboards.
No demand structure down here. Only old
support. This is important.
Although it feels like the ENQ is
getting its legs back. It looks like
it's recovering pretty nicely. I still
like this area as the line in a sand for
above and below.
It's very very good. So that number at
25,294ish
is going to be that line in the sand for
us. Let's do the measured move again
into demand first hour.
Looks like it's holding. Oh, come on.
Literally the only thing I wish we could
change in Trendpider is how these boxes
snap to grid. I would like for them not
to snap to grid with such intensity.
Okay, so we haven't got the one to one
structure here, but we're close. We're
close. So, what are we staring down?
We're right in the middle of value area
high low just like the ES.
We are below the call wall just like the
ES call wall and put wall from the ES.
Same as yesterday call and put wall in
the NQ little bit different.
Uh no they are the same. Sorry. 25,000
for the put wall and 25,400
for the call wall, which actually is
inside of value area high.
I would not at all be surprised
if
we had an upside cloning event into the
supply zones, which also has a gamma
line at 25,500,
which used to be an old call
25,475
or so. Yes, used to be a coal wall. So
that's pretty important for us to note.
Trend underneath is up. Momentum is up.
Price action.
Price action looks up. Looks up.
All right. So that's what we're staring
down. Above below 25,294
targets above 25,420
to 25,475.
Another
high floating up here is potentially
25,600.
Now, I don't know what would push us
higher, but here's the thing. We're
getting bad news all over the place, and
price action is really not moving down.
We got the note yesterday about NFP,
which was a great number, but then they
went, "Uhoh, that means we don't get a
rate cut." And
you know, a lot of we've got a lot of
um what's the word? Uh malinvestments
floating around that just need to die
and we're
I don't know what's happened to us.
We've gone all soft and we're like no,
we got to save them. That's not what the
market is about.
But never mind. I won't go there. Moving
on. That's what we're looking at for the
ENQ. Let's go to micro Bitcoin. I I
would suspect
if I were a betting man, I would suspect
that if this rally actually has legs,
Bitcoin is going to turn around.
If it does not have legs, Bitcoin is not
going to turn around. What do we have so
far? The first break in the trend line
in 1 2 3. Today's the fourth day. What
does that mean?
Could be a buy zone. Could definitely be
buy zone. Value area low 66,700.
I believe that that is our above below
line today for dividing buyers and
sellers.
It appears that they are trying to
create a bottom here.
And so this to me looks like the
potential for a move up into this zone
at 68,000.
We want it to break through and close
above it. That's what this uh anchor
event means. If it gets above there, you
could, you know, buy the breakout, just
really run it into resistance, let it
come back, buy the breakout again, just
move yourself up through the chains. All
right. You're going to have to be very
tactical in here. value area high
70,000ish
and a ton of supply to work through. The
longer we stay down here, the more
nervous the folks that bought up here
above 69,000 are going to get. But big
demand structures building at 65,000 and
then a bigger one at 64,000
below. Well, not bigger, but another one
sitting there below supply all the way
up to 70,000. So, it's going to be a
little bit of a rock fight
up there. And so, yeah, we'll see what
happens, but it's showing signs of life
for sure. Let's take a look at oil.
All right. So my suspicion yesterday was
that the the above below for buyers and
sellers or the breakout area, excuse me,
for the buyers and sellers were
this 6460.
Look at the rocket ship motion here.
Absolutely incredible. Now
that looks newsy, but if you stare it
down, the whole chart's been doing that.
Notice savage upside pulls back gives
most of it back. Savage upside
gives most of it back. Savage upside
gives most of it back. So, what are we
thinking?
Yeah, it's a savage upside that's going
to give most of it back and try to move
in um
an upward flow. So, where's the line of
sand? It looks like the VWAP,
right? Take a look at this.
Nice.
looks like above below. Look at the
inventory accumulation.
It's very wide, very wide inventory
accumulation box. And then it drops
right out of it and collapses down. And
now it's sitting inside of this
inventory box. Notice the breakaway
formation up here.
Almost got to the top, but not quite. So
that measure was not solid. Oh, for
goodness sakes.
It may have been instead of using value
area high, value area low,
that we needed to use the box that it
was actually sitting in. And if we did
that,
then that gives us our one to one.
Notice sometimes you're just going to
draw the box wrong. But if you see those
edges
and you see the breakout,
it's well defined. It's absolutely well
defined. So where would we go? 50% of
the box. Let's let's see. 50% of our
accumulation space gives us a halfway
point where we're dancing around right
now. 6430
or so. That's very close to the VWAP and
the point of control. So $64.30
looks to be the
I'm going to say it's $64 and even right
64 bucks
right on the nose there. just a little
bit above it. That's the above below
today. If we hold $64.18,
we are going to move back up to $64.65
and beyond. Otherwise, we're going to
come in to the demand zones down here.
And that's $63.64.
That's our old breakout level
if you recall. So, that will be pretty
interesting.
deep area below $63.20.
Have we broken the bottom of this? Well,
we have kind of, right? If we adjust
that to carry as many edges as we can,
we clearly have broken below it. Supply
above us. Very big supply event. Very
big.
I suspect they try to drop into the
demand areas of around that 6360
$6360. Let's take a look at gold.
All right. So, gold is strong but still
a bit rangebound and it's falling out of
its pocket.
So,
let's remove all the annotations so we
can see it cleanly.
Where's our breakout level? The big box
of accumulation has been
right around
It's been a mess is what it's been.
Let's go backwards here.
Yeah.
So, if I move it down, we stare this
edge through.
That is really what we're staring down.
So, let's duplicate this.
Yeah, it breaks it by just a hair and
then comes back in. But we know this is
what the metals do. They break out,
bring everybody with them, and then
collapse. So,
what's the big story here today? We are
testing the 30 minute low of the opening
range. We can see that there's a big box
inside of these boxes.
See if I can lock that one. But let's
draw the next one inside of it. This
area right here.
Let's move it up and then move this
down.
This area right around the zone
$5,62
looks like a good floor.
That's the above below
in my mind.
Below that sellers are going to get a
lot more frisky and the next target is
$5,00011.
$5,000. $5,11, excuse me, 11.
What's wrong with me? Okay, next. If we
break to the north, 5,130
is the potential target.
What's the trade action? Dips or buys
into resistance,
bounces or sells into support. There's
really very weak trend here.
very weak trend.
The trend is still there though. No
doubt about it. The trend is still
there. So if you want to try the
breakout ledge above the value area high
at 5,100,
it's not not bad. Just want to be
careful. Okay? Just just be careful.
You know how it breaks out and then
tends to collapse? That's just
important. All right. Let's take a look
at spy
and let us
remove all our lovely drawings, shall
we?
What are we staring down? Prior highs
over here. Big CPI motion. Very tight
structure.
This should give us some sort of trade
break.
So below $693
easily we could have
$691.50.
Where is the above below here? It's a
bit sticky.
Why? Because we're building inventory.
with a fair bit of strength
right up there. And so we broke it by a
hair but could not hold it.
Then down here we broke this one pretty
well into this accumulation zone. So if
I clone that and I move this over here.
Yeah, that's about right.
You can see it's sort of holding
structure.
So my thought is
we have
dip by and
a potential move of pressure to the
upside
above 695. Above 695
things are going to start to rumble.
Put wall
700, excuse me, call wall 700,
put wall 685.
Prices are coiling. They feel like
they're getting ready to break. The
undercurrents of the option chains are
bullish
and price action is really essentially
pulling that through. So, we shall see.
I did not do the flows for uh S&P yet.
Let's see if we can get those end of day
spx. Let's see what the flows look like.
We move, we flip back to positive gamma
and
huh,
this is an unwind of positive positions
because the positive position is huge.
The unwind of positive positions,
they're just rolling it off, taking
taking profit. So, that's that's what
we're seeing there. All right,
everybody, take care. I'll see you on
the streams.